Why don't you reply when I message you these days?
Did you sleep with me?
Don't want to be responsible
Comrade Chen
We are just poor
You have to rely on your person in charge's money every time
Earlier this year, I made a wish
Wait until I sleep through 100
I'm getting married
Who made you unlucky?
Exactly the first time
Oda, we will get married after Chinese New Year
If you don't want to be responsible for me
I'm going to your house to have calligraphy.
Mr. Chen
I can't give you money.
Don't push me
All my properties have been transferred to Jincheng
I bought a villa there
There are roses you like in it.
Don't you still like puppies?
When we get married, the whole one will be
I know your parents treat you badly
If you like Jincheng
And we're never coming back.
And Cheng Ziqing
If he dares to bully you again
I'll help you bully it back, okay?
OK
Never go back
Chen Dongri
If you knew I was dead
How sad it must be
Hahahahaha
Sister shy
Such a big person still pees his pants
Let me tell you secretly that I peed my pants yesterday too
Mom didn't scold me
Sister, don't cry
Your mother won't scold your empress either. Where are you?
Come back soon, we're home.
Dad made your favorite braised fish at home
So good, hope for the next life.
I will also be a loving child